# How to Use Audience Insights to Target the Right Twitter Followers

Harness Twitter's demographic data to make sure you're targeting the right followers.

![Audience Insights from Twitter data](/content/media/audience-insights/media/image1.png)

Twitter provides great demographic information about its users, such as
nationality, education level, religion, and even age. You can also gain
valuable insights into your follower's lifestyles and that of your
competitor's followers. The possibilities are endless!

Twitter insights are also great for showing you a user's behavior on the
platform. You can see which tweets were most influential for that
person, as well as what kind of content they engage with the most. Armed
with this information, you'll be able to create the perfect marketing
campaign to target your audience.

**Some Audience Insights and their purposes.**
----------------------------------------------

Whether you are an individual or a business, You can analyze your
Twitter followers to find insights into their interests. Armed with such
insights, you can target the right people with the right content. The
following are a few audience insights and their purposes:

### Location

Knowing where your followers are located allows you to focus your
content on specific areas or regions. For example, if you are a business
in the United States, you may focus on relevant content to U.S. citizens
only.

### Gender

Gender can be an essential factor when it comes to tailoring content.
For example, if your company sells products specifically for women, it
would make sense to target female followers with tweets about those
products.

### Age

Age is another crucial factor when it comes to content. For example, if
you are a company that sells products for children, you would want to
target followers within the childbearing age range.

### Interests

Knowing what interests your followers can help you create more relevant
content for them. For example, if you are a company that sells sporting
goods, you may want to target followers interested in sports.

### Keywords

Keyword analysis helps find out what people are talking about on
Twitter. Using this information to create content can help you reach
your audience more effectively. For example, if a major sporting event
is coming up and many of your followers are tweeting about it using
specific keywords, creating content related to it could be a good idea.
This will allow you to target followers interested in the event and
those who want information about it.

### Hashtags

Hashtag analysis can help a company determine which hashtags their
audience is using most frequently and then create relevant content
surrounding that topic. For example, if your company uses the hashtag
\#marketingstrategy on Twitter, you may want to create content that
discusses marketing strategies. This will help you reach followers who
are interested in that topic and also attract people who are looking for
information about it.

### Follower Analysis

One of the most useful audience insights is follower analysis. This
information can tell you a lot about your followers and their interests
and how they interact with each other on Twitter. For example, if your
company has found that many of its followers are also following another
brand or product account it sells along with yours, it would be a good
idea to try creating content that mentions both brands.

This will allow you to target followers interested in the other brand
and attract people who may not have known about your company or product
before but now want more information after seeing what they had to say
on Twitter.

Using audience insights to target the right followers can increase
engagement and reach a larger audience. By taking all of these factors
into account, you can create content that is more likely to appeal to
your target audience. And by targeting the right people with the right
content, you can increase the chances of becoming customers.

**Audience insights from Twitter Data.**
----------------------------------------

Twitter data provides valuable insights into your audience and your
competitor's audience. This data is usually in CSV format and would
require that you use a tool like[ *Excel to extract valuable
insights*](https://www.excel-easy.com/data-analysis.html). You can use
Twitter data to identify trends, target the right followers, and create
more compelling content.

There are two parts to analyzing Twitter data: analyzing tweets and
analyzing followers. Tweet analysis can give you insights into your
audienceâ€™s interest, while follower analysis can give you insights into
the type of people who follow you.

You can download Twitter data through a tool like
[*TweetFeast*](https://tweetfeast.com/), which allows you to get tweets
and follower information for any account. Once you have downloaded the
Tweets and followers list, you have the raw data you can mine to gain
great insight into your audience or competitor's audience.

**Download Twitter data with TweetFeast**
-----------------------------------------

Twitter provides a lot of data that reveals fantastic insights into your
audience or your competitor's audience. But, to gain these insights, you
need to gain access to the data from Twitter. With TweetFeast, you can
[*download Twitter data in a CSV or JSON
file.*](https://tweetfeast.com/articles/how-to-export-twitter-followers-and-following-list-to-excel-with-a-csv-or-json-file)

Go to TweetFeast.com and sign in with your Twitter account to get
started. Once you're logged in, you'll be able to download data from any
user on Twitter. You can download Tweets by a user; Tweets liked by a
user, Tweets a user is mentioned in, and Tweets from a search result.

You can also download a list of followers of a specific Twitter user and
the accounts that a specific user follows. These lists come in a
spreadsheet that reveals other relevant information about each user,
including their locations, names, usernames, short bio, etc.

**Use excel to gain audience insight from Twitter data.**
---------------------------------------------------------

Twitter data can be analyzed in
[*Excel*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NUjHBNWe9M) to help you
figure out who your target audience is. For instance, By looking at your
tweet engagement, you can get an idea of the kinds of people who might
be interested in your product or service.

The first step is to gather the data. You can do this by [*exporting
your Twitter followers into a CSV
file*](https://tweetfeast.com/articles/how-to-export-twitter-followers-and-following-list-to-excel-with-a-csv-or-json-file).
Then you can use Excel, specifically the [*pivot tables feature
*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NUjHBNWe9M)to analyze the data and
find trends. For example, you can use Excel to determine the primary
location of your followers. This information can help you target your
marketing efforts more effectively.

Further, you can analyze your most recent tweets to gain insight into
audience preferences and concerns. For example, if your latest tweet is
about a new product launch, but no one is tweeting at all about it -
there could be an issue with your marketing campaign.

You can also use excel to determine the interests of your followers.
This information can be used to create targeted content that is more
likely to resonate with your audience. For example, if your followers
are most interested in a particular sport or type of music, you can
create relevant tweets and Facebook posts to help them find out about
your business.

This information is also helpful in developing personas. By determining
the interests of your target audience, it will be easier to develop
profiles that accurately represent potential customers. You'll be able
to create content that resonates with your audience and boosts
engagement.

Twitter data can be a great way to get insights into your audience. By
analyzing the data in Excel, you can gain valuable insights that can
help you improve your profile engagement and customer acquisition.
Thanks for reading!
